Hmph, that useless widow
Why is the atmosphere so weird?
Hey
Mom
grandma
The man of my Nangong family stands tall and tall
How can you do things to serve women?
It's really wrong for the Nangong family
Grandma is now a society where men and women are equal
You can't always get caught in the rain
Just rip someone else's umbrella
Hum, look at your good-looking daughter-in-law's sharp teeth and sharp mouth
After more than a year of marriage, my stomach has not moved
Don't marry an old hen who doesn't lay eggs
grandma
What about nian
It's because you've been helping me run the company
So I don't have time to have children
Humph
Help you manage the company
But how did I hear
He messed up the Hesheng Group project today
I can't go back to the room.
No rules I tell you
I have sent someone to the group to take your place